eval    low_v   empty
eval    norm_v  standby
eval    full_v  standby
eval    pow_on  charge
standby wake    normal
standby pow_on  charge
standby low_v   empty
normal  low_v   empty
normal  pow_on  regen
normal  rest    standby
empty   norm_v  standby
empty   pow_on  prechg
prechg  pow_off empty
prechg  norm_v  charge
charge  pow_off standby
charge  full_v  full
charge  low_v   prechg
charge  wake    regen
regen   pow_off normal
full    norm_v  charge
full    pow_off standby
*       alert   alert
*       error   error
alert   clear   eval
error   clear   eval